The best way to predict the future is to invent it. - Alan Kay
Talk is cheap. Show me the code. - Linus Torvalds
Make it work, make it right, make it fast. - Kent Beck
Simplicity is prerequisite for reliability. - Edsger Dijkstra
First, solve the problem. Then, write the code. - John Johnson
Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it's bad. - Cory House
Fix the cause, not the symptom. - Steve Maguire
Optimism is an occupational hazard of programming. - James Miller
Before software can be reusable it first has to be usable. - Ralph Johnson
Make it correct, make it clear, make it concise, make it fast. - Wes Dyer
Walking on water and developing software are easy if both are frozen. - Edward V Berard
The most important property of a program is whether it accomplishes the intentions of its user. - C.A.R. Hoare
Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand. - Martin Fowler
Programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute. - Harold Abelson
The function of good software is to make the complex appear to be simple. - Grady Booch
The best error message is the one that never shows up. - Thomas Fuchs
Deleted code is debugged code. - Jeff Sickel
Perfection is achieved not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away. - Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
The computer was born to solve problems that did not exist before. - Bill Gates
Software is a great combination between artistry and engineering. - Bill Gates
The only way to go fast is to go well. - Robert C. Martin
Clean code always looks like it was written by someone who cares. - Robert C. Martin
Truth can only be found in one place: the code. - Robert C. Martin
Of course bad code can be cleaned up. But it's very expensive. - Robert C. Martin
You should name a variable using the same care with which you name a first-born child. - Robert C. Martin
Every time you write a comment, you should grimace and feel the failure of your ability of expression. - Robert C. Martin
The proper use of comments is to compensate for our failure to express yourself in code. - Robert C. Martin
Bad programmers worry about the code. Good programmers worry about data structures. - Linus Torvalds
Most good programmers do programming not because they expect to get paid or get adulation by the public, but because it is fun to program. - Linus Torvalds
Programming is not about typing, it's about thinking. - Rich Hickey
A language that doesn't affect the way you think about programming is not worth knowing. - Alan Perlis
The best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit. - Anonymous
Without requirements or design, programming is the art of adding bugs to an empty text file. - Louis Srygley
Before you finish any code, it has already accumulated a lot of cruft. - John Carmack
It's not a bug – it's an undocumented feature. - Anonymous
The most effective debugging tool is still careful thought, coupled with judiciously placed print statements. - Brian Kernighan
Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place. - Brian Kernighan
Always code as if the person who ends up maintaining your code is a violent psychopath who knows where you live. - John Woods
One of my most productive days was throwing away 1000 lines of code. - Ken Thompson
Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight. - Bill Gates
Don't comment bad code – rewrite it. - Brian Kernighan
Any code of your own that you haven't looked at for six or more months might as well have been written by someone else. - Eagleson's Law
The cheapest, fastest, and most reliable components are those that aren't there. - Gordon Bell
The best performance improvement is the transition from the nonworking state to the working state. - John Ousterhout
I'm not a great programmer; I'm just a good programmer with great habits. - Kent Beck
Controlling complexity is the essence of computer programming. - Brian Kernighan
Sometimes it pays to stay in bed on Monday, rather than spending the rest of the week debugging Monday's code. - Dan Salomon
